add storageClass example for s3 metadata (#4308)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/s3.md

| `encodeBase64` | N | Output | Configuration to encode base64 file content before return the content. (In case of opening a file with binary content). `"true"` is the only allowed positive value. Other positive variations like `"True", "1"` are not acceptable. Defaults to `"false"` | `"true"`, `"false"` |
| `disableSSL`     | N        | Output | Allows to connect to non `https://` endpoints. Defaults to `"false"` | `"true"`, `"false"` |
| `insecureSSL`     | N        | Output | When connecting to `https://` endpoints, accepts invalid or self-signed certificates. Defaults to `"false"` | `"true"`, `"false"` |

> | `storageClass` | N | Output | The desired storage class for objects during the create operation | `STANDARD_IA` |

Reviewer: Are there other options than just STANDARD here? I am sure there are and it would be good to look at the code to see what others are possible

Reviewer: You also need to add this into the Yaml example above.

Author: looks like there are more options based [on here,](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/storage-classes/) but in components contrib I can only see `STANDARD_IA` as an example of the field being filled in.

Reviewer: For the Yaml, it needs to be added to here https://docs.dapr.io/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/s3/#component-format

Reviewer: > looks like there are more options based [on here,](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/storage-classes/) but in components contrib I can only see `STANDARD_IA` as an example of the field being filled in.

We should clarify if any of the storage classes can be used. I presume yes, which if the case we can put a link to that AWS document.

Author: I would presume yes as well, that any valid storageClass type can be passed in. Let me find some docs to link to

```json
{
  "operation": "create",
  "data": "YOUR_CONTENT",
  "metadata": { 
    "storageClass": "STANDARD_IA"
  }
}
```

> For example you can provide a storage class while using the `create` operation with a curl command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example you can provide a storage class while using the `create` operation with a Linux curl command
```

> Optionally, provide a storage class while using the `create` operation with the following:  For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example you can provide a storage class while using the `create` operation with a curl command
```

```bash

> curl -d '{ "operation": "create", "data": "YOUR_BASE_64_CONTENT", "metadata": { "storageClass": "STANDARD_IA" } }' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -d '{ "operation": "create", "data": "YOUR_BASE_64_CONTENT", "metadata": { "storageClass": "STANDARD_IA" } }' /
```

}
```

Optionally, provide a storage class while using the `create` operation with the following:

```bash

> curl -d '{ "operation": "create", "data": "YOUR_BASE_64_CONTENT", "metadata": { "storageClass": "STANDARD_IA" } }' 

Reviewer: This is about adding the metadata property into the example scheme (above) and a description in the table (above) for this property. This curl example is not that important, but you can keep this here. However I would then also change the example json above to include a metadata field like this to be consistent with this example. Like this
```json
{
  "operation": "create",
  "data": "YOUR_BASE_64_CONTENT"
  "metadata": {
               "storageClass": "STANDARD_IA" 
    }
}
```

Author: I totally missed the above table upon first pass. Done.

Im not sure I understand your request with the json. I can update the indention, but then that doesn't look consistent with how the file is rendering all the curl request examples for me locally. They all the same to me, minus some have a `\` 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/77932195-65d8-4fc2-bea5-df96004bcb86)

> }

Reviewer: Change this example to show metadata with storage

```

> Optionally, provide a storage class while using the `create` operation with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, provide a storage class while using the `create` operation with the following:  For example:
```

```bash

> curl -d '{ 

Reviewer: Put this back to the example that you had,
